1. A
2. A
3. B
4. D
5. C
6. B
7. B
8. A
9. C
10. Normal distribution, also known as the Gaussian distribution, is a probability distribution that is symmetric about the mean, showing that data near the mean are more 
    frequent in occurrence than data far from the mean. In graph form, normal distribution will appear as a bell curve.The normal distribution is often called the bell curve 
    because the graph of its probability density looks like a bell.
11. Techniques for Handling the Missing Data
     Listwise or case deletion. 
     Pairwise deletion. 
     Mean substitution. 
     Regression imputation. 
     Last observation carried forward.
     Maximum likelihood. 
     Expectation-Maximization. 
     Multiple imputation.
    The simplest imputation method is replacing missing values with the mean or median values of the dataset at large, or some similar summary statistic. This has the advantage
    of being the simplest possible approach, and one that doesn't introduce any undue bias into the dataset.
12. A/B testing is a user experience research methodology. A/B tests consist of a randomized experiment with two variants, A and B. It includes application of statistical 
    hypothesis testing or "two-sample hypothesis testing" as used in the field of statistics.
13. No,  mean imputation of missing data acceptable practice. If just estimating means: mean imputation preserves the mean of the observed data. Leads to an underestimate of the 
    standard deviation.Distorts relationships between variables by “pulling” estimates of the correlation toward zero Source.
14. In statistics, linear regression is a linear approach to modeling the relationship between a scalar response and one or more explanatory variables. The case of one explanatory
    variable is called simple linear regression. For more than one explanatory variable, the process is called multiple linear regression.
15. The two main branches of statistics are descriptive statistics and inferential statistics. Both of these are employed in scientific analysis of data and both are equally important
    for the statistics.
